[man] Tell me.
are you being oppressed right now?
Bullying at school. harassed at work.
suffering unjust torment
that drives you to the edge?
Do you want to become stronger?
Become stronger.
and you can change your world.
[birdsong]
[alarm buzzing. ringing]
[moans]
[sneezes]
BEWARE OF FRAUDULENT CHARGES!
[sniffs]
Mm.
SAVE ELECTRICITY
MOM
[coins jangling]
[mom] Good morning.
It's time for you to get going soon.
Have fun at school today!
THANKS. I WILL.
SHIMURA
[jaunty pop music playing]
LIVE STREAM?
AT LAST!
WHEN?
CAN'T WAIT!!!
SO EXCITED!
IS IT STARTING SOON?
[messages popping]
♪ Yo… ♪
Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Hamaken.
Today. we're celebrating reaching
more than 700.000 subscribers.
And today you're going to meet someone
who's been trending wildly on Instagram.
And here she is now.
the beautiful influencer Rumi. everyone!
-[all cheering. whooping]
-Hi! Rumi. here.
I'm just new to Instagram.
so if you could please like and subscribe.
So. Rumi. what do you have
in store for us today?
Yeah! Well. in today's makeup tutorial.
we're going to give
a guy in my class a makeover!
[all whooping]
And right now.
I'll introduce today's model.
[whispers] Just over here.
-[girl 1] Huh?
-[girl 2] Yeah. I wonder who it is.
-This is Shimura! Okay?
-[girl 2] Shimura?
-Yay!
-[boy] Seriously?
You're on camera. Smile for us.
-And… cut!
-♪ Yo… ♪
[rock music playing]
Hey. Shimura.
Try to look like you're having fun. okay?
Sorry.
It's worth 1.000 yen to you.
You think this is a joke. huh?
This punk thinks we're joking?
-[boy 3] You messing with us?
-Hey. hold still.
[students chattering. laughing]
[Shimura] This is my "fun" school life.
♪ Yo… ♪
Hi. time to check out the big reveal!
[students laughing]
♪ Yo… ♪
Come on. guys. This is too much.
Don't you think?
What? You don't like it?
Aw! Have we taken things too far? Have we?
-[boy 4] This doesn't look cool.
-[Shimura] I laugh at things.
I laugh at things
I don't find funny at all.
Nod along to things I don't agree with.
But I'm fine with it.
-Those big black circles like a panda…
-This is how it is.
Shimura! Say hello again
to all the viewers who are watching now.
Hi. guys. I'm Kota Shimura.
[students cheering mockingly]
[tense music playing]
And I just take it.
[music swells. then fades]
I can't get it off.
[Shimura] What do I have to offer anyway?
He may suck at studying.
but he's got a talent
for making money through streaming.
Hey. we've made 50.000 yen already.
-Whoa!
-[Rumi] Oh? Oh.
-Hey. hey. hey. Hamaken.
-Hamaken's amazing. no doubt.
[Shimura] She has the talent to get by
with her good looks alone.
That's all right. You can have his share.
-Huh?!
-Yeah?
Oh. yeah. Sure. It's yours.
-Ah. thank you!
-Sure.
[Shimura] And this guy knows how to
brownnose his way up the social ladder.
But me? I have nothing.
I'm at the very bottom
of the school's social ladder.
-[coin jangles]
-Oh!
Look at you.
Desperate for a measly 10 yen. hey?
I guess being poor sucks!
[Hamaken and Rumi laugh]
[ominous music playing]
Uh… um. where's my 1.000 yen?
What?
You said I'd get
a thousand yen for the makeover.
Did I say that? Really?
[Yumi laughs] I don't remember.
[singsong] I don't recall that!
[all laugh]
-But I only agreed because you--
-[grunts]
[groaning] Ugh!
-[wincing] Agh!
-[Hamaken] Shut up. loser.
Just a thousand yen. Why so desperate?
Oh. I know.
It's your mom. isn't it?
She's still alive. is she?
Oh. I forgot she's sick!
Oh! That's why you're so poor!
-Is that what it is?
-[all laughing]
-[boy 1] Hey!
-[Hamaken] Hey. let's go.
[boy 2 laughs] That was so mean!
[boy 1] Yeah. He'll do anything for money.
[Shimura] I should have…
I should have taken a swing at them
and fought back.
-[sniffles]
-[music fades]
URABE GENERAL HOSPITAL
-[mom] What happened to your face?
-Huh?
Oh. you weren't fighting
with anyone. were you?
No. I would never do that.
-I just tripped. that's all.
-Really? That's okay then.
I got you a rice cake. [giggles]
TOTAL AMOUNT DUE: 3.140.000 YEN
How's school going?
[poignant music playing]
Mm. It's okay. [chuckles]
Good. Well. don't worry about me.
Just enjoy your high school life.
'Cause you are…
only young once.
AMERICAN HOUSE DINER
[rock music playing over speakers]
-[fryer sizzling]
-[Shimura] This is my youth.
I spend my days frying potatoes here.
[man] Shimura. hurry up with order 60.
Uh. yes. sir.
Here.
My life is… so shit.
Can I have everyone's attention. please?
Please. say hello to our newest employee.
Oh man. like we're not slammed.
Nice to meet you.
[bubbly romantic music playing]
I'm Kaho Asamiya.
Okay. maybe it's not so shit.
Nice to be working here.
If you have any questions.
just ask any of us.
[Kaho] I will.
[timer beeping]
-Ah! It's hot!
-[sizzling]
Crap! I stared too long.
She must think that I'm a creep.
-Bacon cheeseburger combo.
-Yes!
[Kaho] Great. coming right up.
Shimura. what are you doing?
You've got an order.
Yes. sir.5
[entry bell jingles]
Hello. everyone!
I'm Hamaken. the streamer.
-Hamaken? What are they doing here?
-With 700.000 subscribers.
-[Hamaken] Streaming from a burger joint.
-Oh. crap.
[boy 1] Hey. hey. hey. guys!
All right. here's today's mission
from our viewers.
Ta-da!
Can they make a cheeseburger
like this one in under 30 seconds?!
-Yeah!
And if they fail this important challenge.
then. uh… this cute little waitress
has no choice but to give us her number.
You're bothering the other customers.
I think you should stop doing this.
I apologize. I'm not all for it either.
but it's my viewers.
They keep egging me on.
-Thanks for your cooperation!
-Thank you!
-I'm sorry. we can't do this.
-Okay. start the clock!
-Huh?
-One.
-[Kaho] Wait.
-[Hamaken. boys] Two. three. four. five.
-Six. seven. eight. nine. ten.…
-What should we do about this?
Uh. what do you mean "we"?
-Where's the boss?
-He stepped out.
They're banned
from filming here without access.
-Stop them.
-Me?!
-[boys] …21. 22. 23. 24…
-Oh. okay.
-…25. 26. 27. 28…
-Sir. the manager. he's not here just now.
Sorry for the wait.
Here's your Monster Cheeseburger.
You…
-[Hamaken] Let's go.
-[boy 1] Let's get outta here.
-[music playing faintly over speakers]
-[entry bell jingles]
Didn't see me.
[sighs] Oh. thank goodness.
[sighs deeply]
Oh. thank you. Shimura.
Uh… uh. how do you know my name?
[laughs] That.
SHIMURA
Yeah. Uh. of course.
[Shimura] Oh. crap.
I'm being creepy again.
[giggles]
But…
I'm terribly sorry.
-She thanked me.
-Terribly sorry.
So sorry for all the trouble.
Please enjoy your meals.
[humming]
[gasps] She said. "Thank you."
[continues humming]
It's Shimura.
[tense music playing]
Bastard. Why'd you get in my way?
-Huh?
-[groans]
-[whimpering]
-Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
-[blows thudding]
-[yelps] Oh!
-Huh?
-I'm sorry.
Sorry isn't gonna cut it.
[grunts]
Hey. you ruined my content. you did.
"Your" content?
Don't you dare interfere
with Hamaken's content?
-[kick thuds]
-[Kaho] Shimura?
[Hamaken] Hey! Are you okay?
-[laughing]
-[Hamaken] Careful. Let me help you.
-There.
-Shimura.
[Hamaken] Well. then.
Good luck with work.
[Shimura gulps]
-[whimpers]
-Enjoy your shift.
[door closes]
Hey. you okay?
[Shimura] Uh. sure.
Uh… oh. them there?
No. it's nothing at all. really.
I just fell. That's all.
Uh. those guys. they're in my class.
We're friends.
Lame. It's so obvious we're not friends.
[door opens]
[phone buzzes]
[door closes]
WHAT TIME WILL YOU BE HOME TODAY?
I HAVE SELF-STUDY. I'LL BE LATE.
[game controller tapping]
[video game explosions]
[Yumi] Huh? What's your problem?
I don't have a problem.
This seat here is mine. So. please move.
[girl 1] She's so full of herself.
-You're coming with me.
-Let me go! [grunts]
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
[game creature screeches]
-What a rough morning.
-Hey. little girl boss is strong.
[Yumi] You're doing so well.
[girl 2] Oh. I wonder who did it.
-You piss me off.
-[girl 1] Oh. yeah.
[girl 1] Gloomy-ass bitch.
[girls laughing]
SCHOOL MOTTO
LET YOUR DREAMS SHINE
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
MISSION FAILED
[game controller clatters]
-[raucous dance music playing]
-[all] Oh!
[all cheering] Yeah!
Bottoms up. Have some more. Here you go.
[girl 1] Whoa! Cocky bitch.
Hey! Was this really just for content?
Hmm?
[Yumi] You weren't trying
to get a number?
DESPERATE FOR HER NUMBER
Of course not.
Hmm. That's what I thought.
[sighs] I don't want you texting
other girls. okay?
Dummy. You're the only one for me.
-[music stops]
-[snack back crinkles]
DANDAN NOODLES
[boy] Whoa! Too close! Too close! Whoa!
-Hell yeah!
-[Shimura] Why is this happening?
[boy] Ah! Too bad.
Thanks for your 3.000 yen donation!
What? Complete the next hunt
in under three minutes for 30.000 yen?
Are you sure?
That's a piece of cake for me.
[laughs]
[mouthing]
Uh. sorry. almost done.
All the viewers saying I can't do it.
If I succeed. you'd better donate a lot.
All right. here I go.
Very nice.
-Why?
-[boy] All right. All right.
Why did I let him into my house?
I figured I'd open my own channel
and rake in all the donations.
But you know what?
It's hard for minors to open a channel.
You need your parent's bank account
and other stuff like that.
-Ah. I see.
-Your mom's in hospital. Isn't that right?
Mm. Ah! [gasping]
You know what I mean?
[Shimura] He's making money using
my mom's ID and bank account details.
[boy] Oh. here we go!
[Shimura] Mom. I'm really sorry.
[boy] Yes! Yes. yes!
Oh. I'm so close
to the 30.000 yen! Yes! Oh!
One last hit! Here we go!
Three. two. one…
-[loud click echoes]
-[electricity crackles]
-[low bass rumbles]
-[no audible dialogue]
-[screams] Ah! It's hot! Ah! Ah!
-[rock music playing]
Oh! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
[gasping. whimpering]
[gasping]
[huffs]
-What the hell have you done?
-Ah!
-[whimpering]
-[grunting]
I said I'm sorry!
-I was one strike away from 30.000 yen!
-I'm sorry!
How are you gonna make up for this?!
You'd better pay up!
-[whimpering]
-That's right! You owe me now!
[Shimura] I can't
just come up with 30.000 yen!
[clattering]
-Don't run away. you bastard!
-[screaming]
[Shimura gasping]
You're too poor. aren't you? [snarls]
[Shimura gasping] Ow!
[yells] Ah!
[panting]
[tapping keyboard]
[Shimura] How pathetic.
Why do I have to get beaten up
in my own home?
Ah. damn it! Damn it!
You're a useless piece of shit!
-[grunting]
-[yelping]
-[boy snarling]
-[Shimura grunts]
[whimpers]
Your mom is gonna die
because you're useless shit!
[tense music playing]
[laughs]
[Shimura straining]
What are you holding onto me for?
What the hell are you doing? Let me go!
[straining]
[grunting]
[roaring]
[Shimura] The first fist I ever raised.
The first person I ever hit.
-[yells] Ah!
-[boy groans]
[boy] Stop it! The hell's wrong with you?
[Shimura] And the first fist in my face.
You've got some nerve!
[Shimura roars]
[grunting]
[voices muted]
[Shimura] Fighting turned out...
to not be as big a deal as I thought.
Ah! It's… sore.
[sighs]
What a mess.
I've gotta clean.
[groaning]
Ah! Gotta save power.
[sighs]
Immunotherapy?
[man] That's correct.
Keytruda is a very promising drug.
I suggested it to your mother.
but she declined.
[woman] Your mother always brags
about you. Shimura.
She says you're a sweet boy
who's never gotten in a fight.
Let me think about this.
[man] Yes. of course.
[train clacking]
[Shimura] That's what I said.
But what am I gonna do?
[phone ringing]
[ringing stops]
Hello?
[boy] Where the hell are you?
What?
-[suspenseful music playing]
-The video! Delete it!
What video?
The live stream from yesterday.
it's been uploaded!
Huh? Oh. Well. I… I…
But… I thought I pulled the plug out.
Was that the monitor's power?
So the computer was still on?
The whole fight! The whole goddamn thing!
Now everyone can see everything!
It was all streamed from the webcam.
LIVE FIGHT LOL
BOTH OF THEM SUCK
I'M CRYING! ROFLMAO
[Shimura] It's got over 100.000 views.
Well. wait a minute. I never uploaded it.
Then you must have
turned off the computer.
[Shimura] Ah! Gotta save power.
Oh.
The video automatically uploads
when the computer is turned off midstream!
[music winds down]
[suspenseful music playing]
[huffing]
KANEGON'S GAME STREAM. 130K VIEWS
What do I do? How do I delete it?
NO VIDEOS UPLOADED
[exhales]
-[gasping]
-[music ends]
HIGH SCHOOL
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Shimura] I really hope nobody's seen it.
Looks like I'm in the clear.
Mr. Viral Streamer! Oh. hey there!
-[boy 1] Hey!
-[boy 2] Morning!
It's gone viral!
[Hamaken] Shimura.
Why didn't you tell us
that you'd started streaming?
[laughter]
-Well. that was…
-Oh. come on. Hamaken. Knock it off.
-Must be super embarrassing. right?
-[laughs]
Isn't this really crazy though?
People overseas are watching it too.
-[laughter]
-[Shimura] How did it come to this?
[boy 3] Shimura!
You little…
[grunts] Agh! Agh!
Huh?
Know what? You're a puny ass.
Hamaken?
Don't talk to me like a friend.
Hey. stop joking around.
I've come up with a new idea.
It'll make your channel even greater.
Not interested.
How could you lose
to a piece of trash like that?
Oh. don't talk like that.
-Aren't we friends? You know?
-You think?
[laughing]
-Give me a goddamn break.
-[continues laughing] Ho ho ho!
You think I'm friends
with a loser like this?
-[boy 1 laughing]
-[boy 2] Whoa!
[boy 4] Hell no!
[all laughing]
[girl 1 laughing] Oh my God.
they're perfect for each other!
Shit!
-[boy sobs]
-[Shimura] Are you okay?
You shut up!
You're the lucky one.
You've got nothing to lose.
[sobs] I worked so hard
to get into Hamaken's good books.
-What will you do?
-What will I do?!
You asshole!
I'm not going down like this. [sobs]
I'm going to climb back up!
What about yo?
Are you okay with this?
Huh?
Are you okay being at the bottom
of the school's hierarchy?
[mom] You are
only young once.
[boy] Are you okay being
everyone's laughingstock?
[poignant music playing softly]
Hmm. Doesn't bother me.
I've come to terms with it.
Come to terms with it?
Besides. what can I do
to change at this point?
BARBER YASHIO
Whoa-ho-ho. It's freezing.
[boys grunting on video]
[dad] Aki. dinner's ready!
[clicks]
[dad] Mm.
Mm.
Hmm?
Did something… good happen?
No. not really.
Okay.
Mm.
Mm-hmm.
I'm so astonished to hear
those two everyone's been talking about
are in my class at school.
[astonished voices] Eh?
What? Make them fight?
I can't do that
because they're very good friends of mine.
[boy 1] Oh. yeah. sure.
You're so kind! Ha ha ha ha.
Okay. Now say hi to the viewers.
[students] Whoa…
-Uh. hello.
-[Shimura] Hello.
[both] For all of this trouble.
we're so sorry.
Okay. okay. okay then. You hear that?
They've patched things up
between each other now.
and once again. they're best friends.
So you see. you can all relax again. Hmm?
So. how about this?
Today. to celebrate their reconciliation.
we've decided we will be giving away
a brand-new computer
to one lucky viewer out there
who subscribes and likes!
It's a lie! He's lying to you!
-There's no giveaways!
-[boy 2] Hey! Whoa!
There's no way
that he's ever gonna give away a computer!
[tense electronic music playing]
You must know Hamaken is a fraud.
What?
All those giveaways are lies.
It gets him more subscribers. you see?
But he's never given anything away.
Hamaken. he's a filthy fraud!
He said he'd pay me 1.000 yen
for my last appearance!
Let's expose him.
And then everyone will know!
He acts like a good guy on camera.
but behind the scenes.
he beats up on everyone!
-He's just a good-for-nothing delinquent!
-What the hell are you saying?
Have a look at this!
Hamaken did this to me!
Ha!
[forced laughter]
You idiot.
We stopped streaming a while ago.
So who were you calling a fraud?
[yelps]
[boy 3] Whoa!
[Hamaken] Look.
-[Shimura gasping]
-[Hamaken grunting]
[students murmuring]
-[grunts]
-[students yell]
[groaning] Agh!
[boy 4] Hamaken! Hamaken!
Let's go! Go! Let's go!
-[students chattering]
-[girl 1] Oh. man. Hamaken's pissed.
Were you trying to expose me?
-Were you trying to take revenge?
-[Shimura groaning]
-[grunts] Ah!
-[students gasp]
-[grunts] Ah! Ah!
-[students gasping]
-[kick thuds]
-[Hamaken grunts] Ah!
-[Hamaken grunting] Ah! Ah!
-[whimpering]
[Shimura] Expose him?
On his channel?
-No. No. We do it on our channel.
-Huh?
Right now.
you and I are minor celebrities.
This exposé video will go viral.
[dramatic music playing]
No!
-If I do that. he'll beat me up again.
-Money.
Don't you want money?
[sighs] I guess I have no other choice.
If we succeed in exposing him.
I'll give you 10.000 yen.
[Hamaken kicks] Get up! You hear me?
I said get up!
[boy 1] Hey. wanna go see Hamaken?
[girl 1] Who picked a fight?
This is crazy!
[girl 2] Who'd pick a fight with Hamaken?
Are they insane?
-[Hamaken roars]
-[girls shriek]
[Shimura groans]
[gasping. sobbing]
Don't you ever mess
with me again. you hear?
[Shimura crying]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Hamaken] Huh?
Money.
You owe me… 1.000 yen.
What the hell's up with you?
[boy 2 laughs]
[Hamaken] Hmm?
You want me to beat you to a pulp? Do you?
Fine by me. you piece of shit.
[boy 3] Who's causing the ruckus?
Is it you?
No.
Will you keep it down?
I can't nap.
Oh. All right.
[students murmuring]
Hey.
Hey!
[groans] It hurts.
Hey. you're alive.
Uh. how did I get here?
It was Ogi from the class next door.
Ogi?
[boy] Ogi Tatsuya.
A man who exists
outside of the school's social ladder.
A high schooler and rising star
in the world of MMA fighting.
So. what happened? The exposé video?
[Hamaken on video] You trying
to take revenge?
-[Hamaken grunts] Ah!
-[students gasp]
[Hamaken grunts] Ah!
It's gone viral!
Yeah. It was a success!
Yes! You owe me 10.000--
Sorry. I can't give it to you.
Huh? Why not? We made a deal.
You didn't last long enough.
That's your problem.
What?
Short videos. you see.
they don't make enough money.
There's just not enough ad revenue.
That's why we've gotta go after donations.
Donations.
Even with donations.
long videos still rake in more money.
And even long videos.
you still don't get the full amount.
After all the fees.
there's still only about 60 percent left.
In this case.
3.900.
3.900?! After all that effort?
That's what happens
when the video's short.
And it doesn't help
that we don't have many followers yet.
I had no idea.
Hey. Hold on a sec.
None of this is any of my problem.
You should pay what you promised--
Okay. right now
I'm asking if you're happy settling
for a measly 10.000.
This video has already reached
one million views.
As the views increase.
so will the followers.
If we can stream for longer.
making millions won't be a dream!
Did you know
that sometimes from a single stream
you can make over 200 million?
-200?!
-Million!
200 million.
It's up to you.
Hey.
Hey. Shimura?
Did you get any of that?
Oh. Uh. sorry.
What's wrong with you? Little creep.
So. if... if we did a live stream.
what would we do?
[militant rock music playing]
Fights?
-Yeah. Our main content will be fighting.
-Wait a minute.
Picking fights
with delinquents in real time.
But videos of fights are--
It's about the idea.
Striking gold isn't easy.
You have a point. but…
I'm convinced by our recent success.
It went viral because the underdog
picked a fight with a bully
[Shimura] You owe me
1.000 yen.
Let's team up.
-Huh?
-Starting today. I'm your producer. okay?
With our next video.
we'll rake in the donations.
Let's take over the world
with this channel.
[rock music continues]
[grunts]
I'll have you rolling in cash.
Rolling in cash?
So we're set.
I need you to be able to drag out a fight
and make it last no matter what.
-[camera clicking]
-[giggles]
So good. Totally insta-worthy.
-[Hamaken groaning]
-How much longer are you going to take?
-[Rumi] Oh.
-[camera clicking]
Oh… but… Hey. Hey.
You take our time.
Can't we get on with it?
Baby. don't drag it out.
[Yumi] Huh?
What this?
[grunting on video]
-[snarling]
-[Hamaken on video] Get up.
Those shitheads! God damn!
POPULAR STREAMER HAMAKEN
IS A TEENAGE DELINQUENT!
[grunting and thudding on video]
How to last in a fight. huh?
[gasps]
[grunting on video continues]
[mouse clicks]
[funky music playing]
HOW TO FIGHT BETTER
STRENGTH TRAINING
TO IMPROVE FIGHTING
[clicking]
GET STRONGER
WITH MARTIAL ARTS
I should've expected this.
JOIN A MARTIAL ARTS GYM
BOXING VIDEO
[mouse clicks]
I think I'd die… if I did this.
[man on video] Yeah. that's it.
-[Hamaken yelling indistinctly on video]
-I'm not cut out for this.
Besides. why am I the one
who has to get beaten?
This is so crazy.
YOU'RE BRAVE. SHIMURA
"How_to_fight"? Mm.
-What's this?
-[clicks]
Zero.
Doesn't have any views?
FIGHTING MINDSET
0 VIEWS
[clicking]
[ominous music playing]
[dramatic percussive sounds echoing]
TOU-KEI
Hello guys. My name is TOU-KEI.
Why don't you come
and get stronger with me?
-Why is he a chicken?
-[jaunty pop music playing]
Want to know how to get stronger?
It's really very easy.
Just become my friend.
That's all you need to do.
Is he not Japanese?
I can teach you how to become strong.
everything you need to know step-by-step.
Did you know when it comes
to winning a fight. there's a secret?
Huh?
And if you're interested.
I can teach you what that secret is.
-But first…
-Seriously?
…let's talk about the fighting mindset.
-Now. step one…
-[mouse clicks]
I think this guy is nuts.
I can't do this.
Hello there. I'm Hamaken.
Today. I'm gonna ask girls enjoying
the nightlife about their dark past.
Hey. ladies. Ladies. Hey. ladies.
Can you tell me about things
in your dark past?
-Hamaken. ew!
-You've got to be kidding me!
Don't be like that.
Tell me something saucy!
HOW'S THE BACKLASH?
THE AUDACITY!
-Don't film us without permission!
-Creepy loser!
[din of music and chattering]
-[dance music playing]
-[Hamaken] Not feeling it today.
Time for a break.
Hey! No high schoolers allowed.
What? You always let me in.
-No.
-Hey! Let go of me! Let go! Hey!
I want to see the manager. Hey!
Hey! Rumi!
-Good work.
-Hey. Rumi!
Hey! Hey! Take your hands off me!
Let me go! Let go!
[music stops]
[sighs]
[Hamaken] You've got to ask yourself.
is your mother still alive? Is she?
[tense music playing]
I suggested it to your mother.
but she declined.
I'll have you rolling in cash.
[music ends]
[screams]
[TOU-KEI] Don't you get lonely
being by yourself?
-Why are you here?!
-Don't you want to become stronger?
If you'll be my friend.
then you can get stronger with me.
What the hell?
[TOU-KEI] Become stronger.
and you can change your world!
Get lost! Go! [grunts]
[gasping]
-[thud on video]
-[Hamaken on video] Huh?
[Shimura] Money.
You owe me… 1.000 yen.
[Hamaken] What the hell's up with you?
You want me
to beat you to a pulp. do you?
Fine by me. you piece of shit.
[students chattering indistinctly]
Hey! Get outta my way!
Oh. Shimura! This is bad.  Really bad.
-[roars]
-Oh. yeah!
Hey!
-Come with me! Hurry!
-[boy 1] And him too!
[gasping] Let's go that way.
[Hamaken roars] Ah!
Where the hell do you think you're going?
[barks] Ah!
-[Shimura whimpering]
-You're dead! You're fucking dead!
[Shimura yelling. screaming]
[boy 1] Move it!
-[boy 3] Hey! Hey!  It's a fight!
-[boy 4] Huh?
-Who's fighting?
-[boy 3] Hamaken. He's super pissed!
-[Hamaken grunting] Agh! Agh!
-[Shimura gasping]
-[Shimura grunting]
-[girls shriek]
[boy 1] I say it was an accident.
[laughing]
-You think you're so tough? Huh?!
-Whoa-ho-ho!
-But you're not. So take this!
-[Shimura grunting]
[boys] Whoa-ho!
-[boys laughing]
-[Hamaken] There. now!
Die! Die! You little shit!
You! Bastard! You bastard!
You're gonna die!
[boy 4] Stop it. Hamaken!
[tense rock music playing]
Everyone's going to see this.
You think so? I doubt that.
Huh?
Oh. yeah!
[boys grunting]
[boy 4 groaning]
-[grunting]
-[boys laughing]
I'll make sure you never defy me again.
You hear me? Huh?!
-[girls scream]
-[boy 2] Hey! Don't run away!
-Don't run away! Hey!
-[Shimura] Agh!
[Hamaken snarls] You are a piece of trash!
-[Shimura groans]
-[Hamaken] Yeah!
-This is just for starters!
-[boy 1] Hey.  Hey!
[boy 2] Uh-uh! No running away!
-You're nothing but a lowlife!
-[students scream]
[gasping for air]
[Hamaken] Where do you think you're going?
You deserve to spend the rest of your life
crawling on the ground!
[gasping. straining]
[tense music playing]
[Shimura shudders]
[boy 4] Stop it. Don't look over here.
Hey. stop looking at me.
I've got you on camera.
[whispers] Let's go.
Give me your phone!
Huh? What for?
Are you stupid?
We've really got to get smart about this.
Now listen very carefully.
They're going to take
my phone away from me.
-Huh?
-So let's get smart!
Hang on. I don't understand. What is--
I'm saying this is our chance.
Our chance?
Yeah. To make a killing.
Hey.
You keep your head down now. you hear me?
[huffs]
[footsteps departing]
[straining. gasping]
[tense music swells]
[groans]
[Shimura] Being on top
never really mattered to me.
All I need…
is money.
[Shimura gasping]
The underdog bites back at the bully.
That's what's gonna make us rich. right?
[shuddering]
[breathing deeply]
VIEWS: 1
[tense music intensifying]
Go on. Come at me.
You piece of shit.
[rock music in Japanese playing]
VIRAL HIT
[rock music in Japanese continues]
[music ends]